designed and manufactured in Ireland the
combi lift multi-directional forklift is
a result of five years intensive
research and prototype development work
this engine powered machine has been
designed primarily for handling long
loads in confined areas the developers
of the combi lift have more than 25
years experience in providing
cost-effective solutions to materials
handling problems the production
facility utilizes state-of-the-art
design and manufacturing technology to
meet the challenges presented available
in diesel and lpg the combi lift can
operate both inside and out replacing
existing indoor electric forklift trucks
and engine powered outdoor forklifts the
standard machine has a four-term lift
capacity and a recently introduced 6-ton
version enables most long loads to be
handled with ease
this unique machine can operate in
aisles as narrow as 2 meters or 80
inches and can be converted within
seconds at the push of a button from the
conventional forward driving mode too
sideways mode it's painted four-way
steering system is fully automatic and
provides unbeatable maneuverability the
ultimate versatility achieved with the
combi lift when compared with existing
equipment is becoming increasingly
significant in the ongoing search for
optimum space and equipment utilization
traveling sideways the combi lift
eliminates the necessity for traveling
with long length loads high up the
retractable mast allows the long length
load to be retracted and rested on the
platform not just the two Center Forks
this lowers the overall center of
gravity as well as cradling the load
while traveling for way electric
machines while capable of working in
narrow aisles are limited by their
inability to work outside and the need
to recharge batteries during working
shifts conventional counterbalance
forklifts are unsuitable for use in
narrow aisles and need considerably more
space to maneuver standard side loaders
are generally unsuitable for indoor use
do not have a 4-way facility and have a
higher platform they also lack
maneuverability due to their physical
size the combi lift combines the best
features of these machines in an
all-round workhorse which in some
situations enables storage space to be
increased by up to sixty percent the
combi lifts large super elastic tires
and all-wheel hydrostatic drive also
makes loading and offloading possible in
yards with semi rough terrain
it's low center of gravity with low
profile platform design ensures optimum
stability and safer product handling
this also offers additional space
utilization in the lower rack the moving
mast system combined with optional
chassis lengths enables long length
loads to be retracted and rested
securely on the platform for
transportation in addition to the
various mast lift height options
including duplex duplex with free lift
and XXX with free lift the combi lifts
can be fitted with a number of
application-specific attachments such
attachments include hydraulically
operated for positioners and for fork
spreader bars of various widths which
are suitable for long flexible loads
such as roof trusses or engineered wood
telescopic Forks or a tilting for
carriage can also be fitted if requested
when the machine is required to work in
narrow aisle applications for guide
rollers can also be installed to
maximize space utilization where the
aisle width equals the width of the
truck
operator comfort and safety are also
very much to the fore in the combi lift
design and the rubber mounted cabin has
been ergonomically designed to maximize
visibility and control the operators
position provides a full view of both
the forks and the load at all times and
also facilitates ease of travel from
left to right with long loads this
simple but highly effective design
ensures drivers can be trained quickly
reducing fatigue and therefore
increasing productivity the range of
applications for the combi lift
continues to grow rapidly with both
aluminium and PVC extruders profiting
from its versatility builders providers
wholesalers and DIY centres are also
utilizing the machine for handling steel
timber roof trusses and engineered wood
recent applications include the handling
of roller shutter doors stainless steel
structural steel metal roofing and metal
studying in fact most applications with
a mix of both long length and palletized
goods will benefit from the use of the
combi lift the applications are not
limited to long lengths since cube loads
and pallets can also be handled
effectively high bay narrow aisle
storage is also possible machines which
are already operating successfully
throughout Europe the USA and Canada are
supported by a network of distributors
and factory trained engineers to ensure
fast and effective service and
after-sales backup the moving mast
feature gives excellent accessibility
for service in today's cost-conscious
environment the combi lift offers you
the opportunity to save time space and
money call us today to discuss your
requirements it will change the way you
think about materials handling combi
lift handling materials in all
directions
you